[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: aea/connections/scaffold/readme.md

> # scaffold connection
> dummy connection template used as a boilerplate for newly created connection
> 
> ## Usage
> create a connection with aea scaffold connection command and implement own connection. mind the ipfs hashes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Scaffold connection
The scaffold connection acts as a boilerplate for newly created connection.

## Usage
Create a scaffold connection with the `aea scaffold connection {NAME}` command and implement your own connection.
```

> Create a scaffold connection with the `aea scaffold connection {NAME}` command and implement your own connection.

Reviewer 2: Minor: maybe use `${NAME}`? That would be `sh` syntax.

Or, just use `NAME` because that's the standard way to document positional and mandatory arguments in a CLI command.
